readme.md, before:

# Popzy - Lightweight Modal Library

Popzy is a lightweight and flexible JavaScript modal library that allows you to create modals easily with customizable content, headers, footers, and various closing methods.

## Features

-   Supports both dynamic content and HTML templates.
-   Customizable modal header, footer, and CSS classes.
-   Multiple closing methods (button, backdrop, escape key).
-   Automatically prevents body scrolling when the modal is open.
-   Supports multiple modals with stack management.
-   Option to destroy the modal on close.

## Installation

Popzy does not require installation. Simply include the script in your project and start using it.

```html
<!-- Include Popzy JavaScript -->
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/mycvlnn/Popzy.js@main/popzy.min.js"></script>

<!-- Include Popzy CSS -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/mycvlnn/Popzy.js@main/popzy.min.css" />
```

## Usage

### Creating a Modal with Content

```javascript
const modal = new Popzy({
    content: "<p>This is a simple modal</p>",
    footer: true,
    header: true,
});

modal.open();
```

### Creating a Modal with a Template

```html
<template id="my-template">
    <p>This is a modal from a template.</p>
</template>
```

```javascript
const modal = new Popzy({
    templateId: "my-template",
    footer: true,
    header: true,
});

modal.open();
```

### Setting Content Dynamically

You can change the modal content dynamically using `setContent`:

```javascript
modal.setContent("<p>New content loaded dynamically!</p>");
```

**Note:** You can either use `content` or `templateId`, but not both.

### Adding a Footer Button

```javascript
modal.addFooterButton("Close", "btn-close", () => modal.close());
```

### Closing the Modal

```javascript
modal.close();
```

### Destroying the Modal

```javascript
modal.destroy();
```

## API

| Method              | Parameters                                            | Description                                                                                   |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `open()`            | None                                                  | Opens the modal.                                                                              |
| `close()`           | None                                                  | Closes the modal.                                                                             |
| `setContent()`      | `content: string`                                     | Sets the modal content dynamically. **Note:** Use either `content` or `templateId`, not both. |
| `addFooterButton()` | `label: string, className: string, onClick: function` | Adds a button to the footer.                                                                  |
| `destroy()`         | None                                                  | Destroys the modal instance.                                                                  |

## Options

| Option              | Type       | Default                         | Description                                 |
| ------------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| `content`           | `string`   | `null`                          | Direct content for the modal.               |
| `templateId`        | `string`   | `null`                          | ID of a `<template>` element for content.   |
| `footer`            | `boolean`  | `false`                         | Enable footer section.                      |
| `header`            | `boolean`  | `false`                         | Enable header section.                      |
| `cssClassContainer` | `array`    | `[]`                            | Additional CSS classes for modal container. |
| `cssClassBackdrop`  | `array`    | `[]`                            | Additional CSS classes for modal backdrop.  |
| `closeMethods`      | `array`    | `['button', 'backdrop', 'esc']` | Closing methods.                            |
| `onOpen`            | `function` | `() => {}`                      | Callback when modal opens.                  |
| `onClose`           | `function` | `() => {}`                      | Callback when modal closes.                 |
| `destroyOnClose`    | `boolean`  | `true`                          | Destroy modal after closing.                |

## License

Popzy is released under the MIT License.

Commit message:

docs: update README to include scroll lock configuration and options

readme.md, after:

# Popzy - Lightweight Modal Library

Popzy is a lightweight and flexible JavaScript modal library that allows you to create modals easily with customizable content, headers, footers, and various closing methods.

## Features

-   Supports both dynamic content and HTML templates.
-   Customizable modal header, footer, and CSS classes.
-   Multiple closing methods (button, backdrop, escape key).
-   Automatically prevents body scrolling when the modal is open.
-   Supports multiple modals with stack management.
-   Option to destroy the modal on close.

## Installation

Popzy does not require installation. Simply include the script in your project and start using it.

```html
<!-- Include Popzy JavaScript -->
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/mycvlnn/Popzy.js@main/popzy.min.js"></script>

<!-- Include Popzy CSS -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/mycvlnn/Popzy.js@main/popzy.min.css" />
```

## Usage

### Creating a Modal with Content

```javascript
const modal = new Popzy({
    content: "<p>This is a simple modal</p>",
    footer: true,
    header: true,
});

modal.open();
```

### Creating a Modal with a Template

```html
<template id="my-template">
    <p>This is a modal from a template.</p>
</template>
```

```javascript
const modal = new Popzy({
    templateId: "my-template",
    footer: true,
    header: true,
});

modal.open();
```

### Setting Content Dynamically

You can change the modal content dynamically using `setContent`:

```javascript
modal.setContent("<p>New content loaded dynamically!</p>");
```

**Note:** You can either use `content` or `templateId`, but not both.

### Adding a Footer Button

```javascript
modal.addFooterButton("Close", "btn-close", () => modal.close());
```

### Closing the Modal

```javascript
modal.close();
```

### Destroying the Modal

```javascript
modal.destroy();
```

## API

| Method              | Parameters                                            | Description                                                                                   |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `open()`            | None                                                  | Opens the modal.                                                                              |
| `close()`           | None                                                  | Closes the modal.                                                                             |
| `setContent()`      | `content: string`                                     | Sets the modal content dynamically. **Note:** Use either `content` or `templateId`, not both. |
| `addFooterButton()` | `label: string, className: string, onClick: function` | Adds a button to the footer.                                                                  |
| `destroy()`         | None                                                  | Destroys the modal instance.                                                                  |

## Options

| Option              | Type       | Default                         | Description                                 |
| ------------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| `content`           | `string`   | `null`                          | Direct content for the modal.               |
| `templateId`        | `string`   | `null`                          | ID of a `<template>` element for content.   |
| `footer`            | `boolean`  | `false`                         | Enable footer section.                      |
| `header`            | `boolean`  | `false`                         | Enable header section.                      |
| `cssClassContainer` | `array`    | `[]`                            | Additional CSS classes for modal container. |
| `cssClassBackdrop`  | `array`    | `[]`                            | Additional CSS classes for modal backdrop.  |
| `closeMethods`      | `array`    | `['button', 'backdrop', 'esc']` | Closing methods.                            |
| `onOpen`            | `function` | `() => {}`                      | Callback when modal opens.                  |
| `onClose`           | `function` | `() => {}`                      | Callback when modal closes.                 |
| `destroyOnClose`    | `boolean`  | `true`                          | Destroy modal after closing.                |

## Configuration

### Enabling Scroll Lock

You can enable scroll lock to prevent background scrolling when the modal is open by setting the `enableScrollLock` option to `true`. You can also specify the target element for scroll lock using the `scrollLockTarget` option.

```javascript
const modal = new Popzy({
    content: "<p>This modal prevents background scrolling</p>",
    footer: true,
    header: true,
    enableScrollLock: true,
    scrollLockTarget: document.body,
});

modal.open();
```

### Options

| Option             | Type      | Default         | Description                             |
| ------------------ | --------- | --------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| `enableScrollLock` | `boolean` | `false`         | Prevent background scrolling when open. |
| `scrollLockTarget` | `Element` | `document.body` | Target element for scroll lock.         |

## License

Popzy is released under the MIT License.
